Release 3.1 (#836)
nf-core/sarek: docs/output.md

[BWA](https://github.com/lh3/bwa) is a software package for mapping low-divergent sequences against a large reference genome. The aligned reads are then coordinate-sorted (or name-sorted if [`GATK MarkDuplicatesSpark`](https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us/articles/5358833264411-MarkDuplicatesSpark) is used for duplicate marking) with [samtools](https://www.htslib.org/doc/samtools.html).

> These files are intermediate and by default not kept in the final files delivered to users. Set `--save_mapped` to enable publishing in CRAM format, furthermore add the flag `save_output_as_bam` for publishing in BAM format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are intermediate and by default not placed in the output-folder. Set `--save_mapped` to enable publishing in CRAM format, furthermore add the flag `save_output_as_bam` for publishing in BAM format.
```

#### BWA-mem2

[BWA-mem2](https://github.com/bwa-mem2/bwa-mem2) is a software package for mapping low-divergent sequences against a large reference genome.The aligned reads are then coordinate-sorted (or name-sorted if [`GATK MarkDuplicatesSpark`](https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us/articles/5358833264411-MarkDuplicatesSpark) is used for duplicate marking) with [samtools](https://www.htslib.org/doc/samtools.html).

> These files are intermediate and by default not kept in the final files delivered to users. Set `--save_mapped` to enable publishing, furthermore add the flag `save_output_as_bam` for publishing in BAM format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are intermediate and by default not placed in the output-folder. Set `--save_mapped` to enable publishing, furthermore add the flag `save_output_as_bam` for publishing in BAM format.
```
